feature/partytown: Added possibility for user to choose loading outsi… (#104)
vtex-apps/google-tag-manager: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

> ## [3.3.2] - 2023-01-24
> 
> ### Added
> - Added the `partytown` library to enable shopkeepers to load third party scripts off the main thread.
> 

Reviewer: The new changes should be in the `Unreleased` section. Our bot updates it with the new version.

```suggestion
### Added
- `partytown` option to enable shopkeepers to load third-party scripts off the main thread.

```

Reviewer 2: > The new changes should be in the `Unreleased` section. Our bot updates it with the new version.

Done!
